Update the GraphQL Tool Guide with Ballerina GraphQL service generation (#6959)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn-the-platform/ballerina-tooling/cli-documentation/graphql.md

| `-i, --input`  | The `input` parameter specifies the path of the GraphQL config file (e.g., `graphql.config.yaml`) configured with GraphQL schemas specified by the Schema Definition Language and GraphQL documents. This parameter is mandatory.                             |
| `-o, --output` | The `output` parameter specifies the path of the output location of the generated files. This parameter is optional. If this parameter is not specified, the Ballerina files will be generated at the same location in which the GraphQL command is executed. |

### Service generation 
```
$ bal graphql [-i | --input] <graphql-schema-file-path>
            [-o | --output] <output-location>
            [-m | --mode] <operation-mode>
            [-r | --use-records-for-objects]
```
The command-line arguments below can be used with the command for each particular purpose as described below.

> | Argument       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Argument       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```
Shall we have a new column to mention whether the parameter is mandatory or optional?

Reviewer 2: There are two other tables with the same columns. It's better to keep this as it is, to be consistent with them.

|----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-i, --input`  | The `input` parameter specifies the path of the GraphQL schema file (e.g., `schema.graphql`) specified in Schema Definition Language. This parameter is mandatory.                             |
| `-o, --output` | The `output` parameter specifies the path of the output location of the generated files. This parameter is optional. If this parameter is not specified, the Ballerina files will be generated at the same location where the GraphQL command is executed. |

> | `-m, --mode`  | The `mode` parameter specifies the operation mode. It indicates the way to process the schema file. This parameter is mandatory for GraphQL service generation. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `-m, --mode`  | The `mode` parameter specifies the operation mode. It indicates the way to process the schema file. If the `mode` flag is not specified, the `graphql` tool will infer the mode from the `input` file extension. |
```
